This is a child theme developed and modified from the original theme Elsie. we have added our own css styles for the layout and modified most of the root colors in style.css by doing this we essentially changed the layout and color theme for the entire website (all the pages). In this theme we have included a header.php, index.php and a footer.php. The header.php is resposible for the headers in all the pages and the css styles used for header.php will only target the hearders in all pages and apply the specified styles as these 3 components header.php, index.php, footer.php are considered as saperate components which can be added/included in every page so in the same exact fasion the css styles for index.php and footer.php are implemented. By making these compoent the component sections become reusable in multiple pages and can be style in all pages by targenting these specific sections 

Getting to the website elements the images you see on the website are not included with the theme but the image blocks are which comes with the sizes we used in our theme depending on the user requirement these blocks can be used how ever they desire. The color theme we used in this theme can be modified by costomizing a single page in wordpress or by editing the css in the theme folder. We recommend to make a duplicate of the them if you wish to edit the css in the theme folder as these changes are not reversable if the user is not very familiar with css. It is best advised to costomize the pages individually as there is a restore option available in wordpress costomizing page which will reset all the changes you made to page and get to back to the original theme style.
